This one I call the Outrageous Cards.
We have a bunch of different
layouts all baked into one card and
I am going to show this to
you at the end state so
you get a sense of how this goes.
All right.
All right, so at Desktop Dimensions,
this would be an ordering page for
our coffee shop.
We have the Our Coffee up here on the top,
and
you'll notice that we have cards,
because it's in the name.
We have the name of the item,
we have the picture of the item,
we have the text underneath,
and we have buttons.
And of course those buttons have
hover states associated with them.
So, notice we have three
across here to start with, but
notice that the two on the bottom are
centered underneath the three on the top.
So, you're gonna have to give some thought
as to how we make that magic happen.
How do we get these two to
show up kind of like that on
the row versus the three like this?
Okay, so that's your first thing to
think about there on the desktop.
As we make this smaller, there we go.
We'll hit our break point.
Notice what we've done here.
Coffee is now over here and
it's on Let's side, okay?
We have a big picture of the coffee,
we have our text here and
our ordering button here.
Okay, so that's the way this page looks.
Very lovely.
Then we're gonna make
the page even smaller.
Okay, and our next breakpoint,
what we're gonna do is move that order
button to go on top of the image.
[SOUND] Good times.
Okay, on top of the image
with the text underneath, and
the titles are still
turned on their sides.
Okay, and then at our last breakpoint,
I have to show I have to go
back here to our source code.
And I have to crunch this thing down
because my browser doesn't go small
enough.
So, at our last break point,
these are fairly simple cards.
So, we have the title,
the picture, the text, and
the button underneath just like this.
Okay, so, What do we wanna think about as
we start putting these cards together?
Anything come to mind you wanna mention,
Andrew?
Anything strikes you about these cards?
Anything you wonder about, perhaps?
>> I'm certainly wondering how
to do a vertical text like that.
>> Yeah,
how do we do the vertical text like this?
That is craziness, okay?
You may be wondering how to put a button
on top of your image like this.
You just saw how to do something like
this with absolute positioning, but
spoiler alert,
you can also do it with CSS grid.
So that might be something
to think about for that.